NAME                                                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod/alertmanager-prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager-0   2/2     Running   0          10m
pod/prometheus-grafana-cf6cbf4f-8lg5s                        3/3     Running   0          11m
pod/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator-65c68ddb7f-7ckdl     1/1     Running   0          11m
pod/prometheus-kube-state-metrics-84f546f65-7j4l2            1/1     Running   0          11m
pod/prometheus-prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus-0       2/2     Running   0          10m
pod/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-8hfn2                1/1     Running   0          11m

NAME                                              TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                      AGE
service/alertmanager-operated                     ClusterIP   None             <none>        9093/TCP,9094/TCP,9094/UDP   10m
service/prometheus-grafana                        ClusterIP   10.110.111.232   <none>        80/TCP                       11m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager   ClusterIP   10.100.179.240   <none>        9093/TCP,8080/TCP            11m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator       ClusterIP   10.102.161.59    <none>        443/TCP                      11m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus     ClusterIP   10.99.27.245     <none>        9090/TCP,8080/TCP            11m
service/prometheus-kube-state-metrics             ClusterIP   10.98.88.49      <none>        8080/TCP                     11m
service/prometheus-operated                       ClusterIP   None             <none>        9090/TCP                     10m
service/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter       ClusterIP   10.104.233.89    <none>        9100/TCP                     11m

NAME                                                 DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR            AGE
daemonset.apps/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter   1         1         1       1            1           kubernetes.io/os=linux   11m

NAME                                                  READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/prometheus-grafana                    1/1     1            1           11m
deployment.apps/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator   1/1     1            1           11m
deployment.apps/prometheus-kube-state-metrics         1/1     1            1           11m

NAME                                                             DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/prometheus-grafana-cf6cbf4f                      1         1         1       11m
replicaset.apps/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator-65c68ddb7f   1         1         1       11m
replicaset.apps/prometheus-kube-state-metrics-84f546f65          1         1         1       11m

NAME                                                                    READY   AGE
statefulset.apps/alertmanager-prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager   1/1     10m
statefulset.apps/prometheus-prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus       1/1     10m
